# Lulzcoin
The most unimaginably useless cryptocurrency ever created

English - [Portuguese](README-ptbr.md)

## What the heck is this?
Subtitle gives the suggestion. Lulzcoin is a cryptocurrency, created with the only ans simple purpose of GENERATING LULZ. That is, it's a complete joke, and if you're taking it seriously as if it were something you'd want to invest your handly-earned money on, you're worthy of pity or you should seek psychiatric advice.
The principle of Lulzcoin is this: it's a simple cryptocurrency, based on blockchain, where the creation of a new block depends only and exclusively from your capacity to troll or create flamewars. The effectivity of your flamewar is directly determined by the amount of cursing messages you receive as answer. The entropy generated by these messages will be the block's proof-of-work, and the cursing on these messages will directly influence on the value of the mining reward.
The initial implementation will be based on a Telegram bot, but if someone (you or me) doesn't have anything better to do (not that I have much to do either), he/she could adapt or extend this inutility to other communication means.
More specific details will be presented on this currency's *whitepaper*.

## What is in this repository?
Here live the following subprojects:
- doc: Documentation, *whitepaper*, whatever else fits into this category;
- lulzd: Sync daemon of a lulzcoin node;
- internetz: Lulzcoin CLI wallet.

## Demos
- internetz: [First version of wallet software, properly working on console (12/29/2017).](https://asciinema.org/a/4RVIeANSLHC9bNFLEzcV6gVCO)

## License
The license of this software is MIT, which means you can use the code in whatever way you want, but don't attribute the responsability of whatever damage you may cause while using this to me; the problem is entirely yours. This repo contains only a crazy idea; if a dishonest person used it as a scheme to steal your money (if this is even possible), go complain to said person.

## Are you a nutjob?
...I was bored. Please understand.
